=== histcross [historic crossroads] -- README ===

Copyright (c) 2005-2009 Maximilian Kalus <http://www.histcross.org/>

= Licence =

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:
 
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


= What is histcross =

histcross - the Semantic Database for Historians

Historic Crossroads (histcross) is a semantic database designed
for the research needs of historians. Essentially, it enables
researchers to enter information into the database and link
pieces of this information sematically to each other.


= Installation =

histcross is intended to run on a LAMP (Linux-Apache-MySQL-PHP)
system, but can be run from other configurations as well (such
as lighttpd or on a Windows platform).

Requirements:

- Apache with rewriting capablities and granting access to
  .htaccess-files (could be changed or set in a central file).
- cakephp library (downloaded from www.cakephp.org)
- imagemagick or, better, graphicsmagick with imagemagick-
  wrapper
- graphviz
- sphinx search engine (if full text search needed)

Not all of the requirements are needed - you could live without
the last three ones and still be happy with histcross.